source-code/text-data/README.md, before:

# Text data

An I/O pattern that has detrimental performance is repeatedly reading many
small to medium size text files.  In this directory, you will find a number of
benchmarks to demonstrate the issue, as well as a number of solutions to the
problem.

The underlying assumption is that  the entire set of text files is too large to
fit into memory, but that the individual files are small enough to be read into
memory.


## What is it?

1. `create_data.sh`: Bash script that creates a directory with a number of
   text files, each containing a number of lines of text.  It also creates
   the necessary files for the benchmarks.


### Baseline

1. `benchmark_naive.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files in a directory.  This serves as the baseline.

### Indexed file

1. `index_text_files.py`: Python script that concatenates all text files
   that fit a given pattern into a single file, and creates an index file
   to facilitate random access to the content of the individual files.
1. `text_index.py`: Python module that implements a `TextIndex` class
   that can be used to access the content of the individual files.
1. `benchmark_text_index.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading
   a concatenated text files using the `TextIndex` class.
1. `indexed_files.ipynb`: Jupyter notebook that demonstrates the use
   of the `TextIndex` class and benchmarks it against the naive approach.

### Zip file

1. `benchmark_zip.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files from a zip file.

### Tar file

1. `benchmark_tar.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files from a tar file.

### arrow format

1. `benchmark_arrow.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files from an arrow/datasets file.

Commit message:

Add Slurm script to create data

source-code/text-data/README.md, after:

# Text data

An I/O pattern that has detrimental performance is repeatedly reading many
small to medium size text files.  In this directory, you will find a number of
benchmarks to demonstrate the issue, as well as a number of solutions to the
problem.

The underlying assumption is that  the entire set of text files is too large to
fit into memory, but that the individual files are small enough to be read into
memory.


## What is it?

1. `create_data.sh`: Bash script that creates a directory with a number of
   text files, each containing a number of lines of text.  It also creates
   the necessary files for the benchmarks.
1. `create_data.slurm`: Slurm script that runs the `create_data.sh` script.


### Baseline

1. `benchmark_naive.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files in a directory.  This serves as the baseline.

### Indexed file

1. `index_text_files.py`: Python script that concatenates all text files
   that fit a given pattern into a single file, and creates an index file
   to facilitate random access to the content of the individual files.
1. `text_index.py`: Python module that implements a `TextIndex` class
   that can be used to access the content of the individual files.
1. `benchmark_text_index.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading
   a concatenated text files using the `TextIndex` class.
1. `indexed_files.ipynb`: Jupyter notebook that demonstrates the use
   of the `TextIndex` class and benchmarks it against the naive approach.

### Zip file

1. `benchmark_zip.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files from a zip file.

### Tar file

1. `benchmark_tar.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files from a tar file.

### arrow format

1. `benchmark_arrow.py`: Python script that benchmarks reading individual text
   files from an arrow/datasets file.
